###
POST http://localhost:8002/api/v1/blog/create
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearar eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2VySWQiOiI2N2U2NGZhYzdiNzk3ZjU2ZDA1Mzg3NTMiLCJpYXQiOjE3NDMyNDM1NDIsImV4cCI6MTc0MzI2MTU0Mn0.h_nVifS3XzJjany2OPN9YL0HXb6QEhGxftDqggC1FNw


{
  "blog_id": "B007",
  "title": "My First Blog",
  "banner": "https://example.com/banner.jpg",
  "description": "This is a sample blog description.",
  "content": ["Introduction", "Body content", "Conclusion"],
  "tags": ["MERN", "MongoDB", "React"] 
}
###
PUT  http://localhost:8002/api/v1/blog/67e7d8517fe3fa41b651da4d
Content-Type: application/json
Authorization: Bearar eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2VySWQiOiI2N2U2NGZhYzdiNzk3ZjU2ZDA1Mzg3NTMiLCJpYXQiOjE3NDMyNDM1NDIsImV4cCI6MTc0MzI2MTU0Mn0.h_nVifS3XzJjany2OPN9YL0HXb6QEhGxftDqggC1FNw


{
  "blog_id": "B001",
  "title": "My First Blog ss",
  "banner": "https://example.com/banner.jpg",
  "description": "This is a sample blog description.",
  "content": ["Introduction", "Body content", "Conclusion"],
  "tags": ["MERN", "MongoDB", "React"] 
}

###
GET  http://localhost:8002/api/v1/blog/
Authorization: Bearar eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2VySWQiOiI2N2U2NGZhYzdiNzk3ZjU2ZDA1Mzg3NTMiLCJpYXQiOjE3NDMyNDM1NDIsImV4cCI6MTc0MzI2MTU0Mn0.h_nVifS3XzJjany2OPN9YL0HXb6QEhGxftDqggC1FNw

###
GET  http://localhost:8002/api/v1/blog/67e7d81e7fe3fa41b651da46
Authorization: Bearar eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2VySWQiOiI2N2U2NGZhYzdiNzk3ZjU2ZDA1Mzg3NTMiLCJpYXQiOjE3NDMyNDM1NDIsImV4cCI6MTc0MzI2MTU0Mn0.h_nVifS3XzJjany2OPN9YL0HXb6QEhGxftDqggC1FNw

###
Delete  http://localhost:8002/api/v1/blog/67e7d81e7fe3fa41b651da46
Authorization: Bearar eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9.eyJ1c2VySWQiOiI2N2U2NGZhYzdiNzk3ZjU2ZDA1Mzg3NTMiLCJpYXQiOjE3NDMyNDM1NDIsImV4cCI6MTc0MzI2MTU0Mn0.h_nVifS3XzJjany2OPN9YL0HXb6QEhGxftDqggC1FNw

//In this project, I also want to add blog. Guide me what should be my approach

//So, My APIs are in different folder which is alredy created. I want to use those Apis, Need to create a blog list (UI)

//app/
  blog/
    [slug]/
      page.tsx    # Individual blog post page
    page.tsx      # Blog listing page
components/
  blog/
    BlogCard.tsx  # Card component for blog preview
    BlogList.tsx  # List component for blog posts
types/
  blog.ts         # TypeScript types for blog posts
lib/
  blog.ts         # Blog-related utilities and API functions


  Would you like me to help you implement this step by step? We can start with either:
Setting up the basic blog structure and implementing the markdown-based approach
Setting up the database schema and API endpoints for a dynamic blog
Creating the UI components for the blog listing and individual posts
Please let me know which approach you prefer, and I'll guide you through the implementation. Also, let me know if you have any specific requirements for the blog feature, such as:
Do you need a content management system (CMS)?
Will you be writing the blog posts yourself, or do you need a user interface for content creation?
Do you need any specific features like comments, likes, or social sharing?
Do you have any design preferences that should match your existing UI?




Update the API endpoint in app/blog/page.tsx:
Replace ${process.env.NEXT_PUBLIC_API_URL}/api/blog/posts with your actual API endpoint
Make sure your API returns data in the format specified in the BlogListResponse interface
Add the blog link to your navigation menu (if you have one)
The UI features:
Responsive grid layout (1 column on mobile, 2 on tablet, 3 on desktop)
Beautiful cards with hover effects
Featured images support
Author information with avatar
Publication date
Category and tags display
SEO optimization
Loading state handling
Error handling
Would you like me to:
Add pagination support?
Add filtering by category or tags?
Add a search functionality?
Create the individual blog post page?
Add any other specific features you need?
Let me know what additional functionality you'd like to add!
